[Music]
[Music] 44 to the chief musician a contemplation
44 to the chief musician a contemplation
44 to the chief musician a contemplation of the sons of korah we have heard with
of the sons of korah we have heard with
of the sons of korah we have heard with our ears Oh God
our ears Oh God
our ears Oh God our fathers have told us the deeds you
our fathers have told us the deeds you
our fathers have told us the deeds you did in their days in days of old you
did in their days in days of old you
did in their days in days of old you drove out the nations with your hand but
drove out the nations with your hand but
drove out the nations with your hand but them you planted you afflicted the
them you planted you afflicted the
them you planted you afflicted the people's and cast them out for they did
people's and cast them out for they did
people's and cast them out for they did not gain possession of the land by their
not gain possession of the land by their
not gain possession of the land by their own sword nor did their own arms save
own sword nor did their own arms save
own sword nor did their own arms save them but it was your right hand your arm
them but it was your right hand your arm
them but it was your right hand your arm and the light of your countenance
and the light of your countenance
and the light of your countenance because you favoured them you are my
because you favoured them you are my
because you favoured them you are my king no God command victories for Jacob
king no God command victories for Jacob
king no God command victories for Jacob through you we will push down our
through you we will push down our
through you we will push down our enemies through your name we will
enemies through your name we will
enemies through your name we will trample those who rise up against us for
trample those who rise up against us for
trample those who rise up against us for I will not trust in my bow nor shall my
I will not trust in my bow nor shall my
I will not trust in my bow nor shall my sword save me but you have saved us from
sword save me but you have saved us from
sword save me but you have saved us from our enemies and have put to shame those
our enemies and have put to shame those
our enemies and have put to shame those who hated us in God we boast all day
who hated us in God we boast all day
who hated us in God we boast all day long and praise your name forever but
long and praise your name forever but
long and praise your name forever but you have cast us off and put us to shame
you have cast us off and put us to shame
you have cast us off and put us to shame and you do not go out with our armies
and you do not go out with our armies
and you do not go out with our armies you make us turn back from the enemy and
you make us turn back from the enemy and
you make us turn back from the enemy and those who hate us have taken spoil for
those who hate us have taken spoil for
those who hate us have taken spoil for themselves you have given us up like
themselves you have given us up like
themselves you have given us up like sheep intended for food and have
sheep intended for food and have
sheep intended for food and have scattered us among the nations you sell
scattered us among the nations you sell
scattered us among the nations you sell your people for next to nothing
your people for next to nothing
your people for next to nothing and are not enriched by selling them you
and are not enriched by selling them you
and are not enriched by selling them you make us a reproach to our neighbors a
make us a reproach to our neighbors a
make us a reproach to our neighbors a scorn and a derision to those all around
scorn and a derision to those all around
scorn and a derision to those all around us you make us a byword among the
us you make us a byword among the
us you make us a byword among the nations a shaking of the head among the
nations a shaking of the head among the
nations a shaking of the head among the peoples my dishonor is continually
peoples my dishonor is continually
peoples my dishonor is continually before me and the shame of my face has
before me and the shame of my face has
before me and the shame of my face has covered me because of the voice of him
covered me because of the voice of him
covered me because of the voice of him who reproaches and reviles because of
who reproaches and reviles because of
who reproaches and reviles because of the enemy and the Avenger
the enemy and the Avenger
the enemy and the Avenger all this has come upon us but we have
all this has come upon us but we have
all this has come upon us but we have not forgotten you nor have we dealt
not forgotten you nor have we dealt
not forgotten you nor have we dealt falsely with your covenant our heart has
falsely with your covenant our heart has
falsely with your covenant our heart has not turned back nor have our steps
not turned back nor have our steps
not turned back nor have our steps departed from your way but you have
departed from your way but you have
departed from your way but you have severely broken us in the place of
severely broken us in the place of
severely broken us in the place of jackals and covered us with the shadow
jackals and covered us with the shadow
jackals and covered us with the shadow of death if we had forgotten the name of
of death if we had forgotten the name of
of death if we had forgotten the name of our God or stretched out our hands to a
our God or stretched out our hands to a
our God or stretched out our hands to a foreign God would not God search this
foreign God would not God search this
foreign God would not God search this out for he knows the secrets of the
out for he knows the secrets of the
out for he knows the secrets of the heart yet for your sake we are killed
heart yet for your sake we are killed
heart yet for your sake we are killed all day long we are accounted as sheep
all day long we are accounted as sheep
all day long we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter awake why do you sleep
for the slaughter awake why do you sleep
for the slaughter awake why do you sleep Oh Lord
Oh Lord
Oh Lord arise do not cast us off forever why do
arise do not cast us off forever why do
arise do not cast us off forever why do you hide your face and forget our
you hide your face and forget our
you hide your face and forget our affliction and our oppression for our
affliction and our oppression for our
affliction and our oppression for our soul is bowed down to the dust our body
soul is bowed down to the dust our body
soul is bowed down to the dust our body claims to the ground arise for our help
claims to the ground arise for our help
claims to the ground arise for our help and redeem us for your Mercy's sake